Reordering the current Stacks reference docs [DO NO MERGE] (#698)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.12.x/docs/language/block/stack/component_configuration/component.mdx

```hcl
component "<LABEL>" {
  source = "<NAMESPACE>/<NAME>/<PROVIDER>"
  # ...
}
```

The `source` argument accepts the same module sources as the [`module` block](/terraform/language/modules/sources) in traditional Terraform configurations.

#### Summary

- Data type: String
- Default: None
- Required: Yes

### `version`

Use the `version` argument to specify which version of a module to use when sourcing from the public Terraform registry or private HCP Terraform registry.

```hcl
component "<LABEL>" {
  source  = "<NAMESPACE>/<NAME>/<PROVIDER>"
  version = "<VERSION_CONSTRAINT>"
  # ...
}
```

The `version` argument accepts a [version constraint string](/terraform/language/expressions/version-constraints). Terraform uses the newest installed version of the module that meets the constraint. When an acceptable version isn't installed, Terraform downloads the newest version that meets the constraint. We recommend explicitly constraining the acceptable version numbers to avoid unexpected or unwanted changes.

> <!-- TODO: Is this true? OR is there a stack command to run? -->

Author: ```suggestion
```

> You must run [`terraform stacks init`](TODO) after modifying the `version` argument so that Terraform can update the local code.

Author: Oh that's super interesting! I actually just like coming right out and saying that:

```suggestion
If you plan to validate your configuration locally, run  [`terraform stacks init`](/terraform/cli/commands/stacks/init) after modifying the `version` argument so that Terraform can update the local cache.
```

```hcl
component "storage" {
  source = "./modules/s3"
  providers = {
    PROVIDER_NAME_IN_MODULE    = "provider.<PROVIDER_NAME>.<PROVIDER_ALIAS>"
  }
  # ...
}
```

The keys in the `providers` map must match the provider names that the source module expects, and the values must reference providers declared in your component configuration. Learn more about [Declaring providers in Stacks](/terraform/language/stacks/create/declare-providers).

#### Summary

- Data type: Map
- Default: None
- Required: Yes

### `inputs`

The `inputs` argument defines a mapping of module input variable names to values. The keys of this map must correspond to the variable names defined by the source module.

```hcl
component "database" {
  source = "./modules/database"
  providers = {
    random = provider.random.this
  }
  inputs = {
    VAR_NAME = "<VALUE>"
  }
}
```

You can use three types of values in the `inputs` map:

- Variable references, such as `var.variable_name`.
- Component outputs, such as `component.component_name.output_name`.

> - Literal values, such as strings, numbers, or booleans.

Author: Love the callout for functions, I think I'll actually link to the literals page instead:

```suggestion
- [Literal values](/terraform/language/expressions/types#literal-expressions), such as primitives and functions.
```
